README.md, before:

# ewebsock

[<img alt="github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-rerun_io/ewebsock-8da0cb?logo=github" height="20">](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock)
[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ewebsock.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/ewebsock)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/ewebsock/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/ewebsock)
[![unsafe forbidden](https://img.shields.io/badge/unsafe-forbidden-success.svg)](https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock/actions?workflow=CI)
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue.svg)

This is a simple [WebSocket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebSocket) library for Rust which can be compiled to both native and web (WASM).

## Usage

``` rust
let (mut sender, receiver) = ewebsock::connect("ws://example.com").unwrap();
sender.send(ewebsock::WsMessage::Text("Hello!".into()));
while let Some(event) = receiver.try_recv() {
    println!("Received {:?}", event);
}
```

## Testing
Locally:

```sh
cargo run -p example_app
```

Web:
```sh
./example_app/start_server.sh &
./example_app/build_web.sh --open
```

Commit message:

Add an echo server for testing (#21)

README.md, after:

# ewebsock

[<img alt="github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-rerun_io/ewebsock-8da0cb?logo=github" height="20">](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock)
[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ewebsock.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/ewebsock)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/ewebsock/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/ewebsock)
[![unsafe forbidden](https://img.shields.io/badge/unsafe-forbidden-success.svg)](https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rerun-io/ewebsock/actions?workflow=CI)
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue.svg)

This is a simple [WebSocket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebSocket) library for Rust which can be compiled to both native and web (WASM).

## Usage

``` rust
let (mut sender, receiver) = ewebsock::connect("ws://example.com").unwrap();
sender.send(ewebsock::WsMessage::Text("Hello!".into()));
while let Some(event) = receiver.try_recv() {
    println!("Received {:?}", event);
}
```

## Testing
First start the example echo server with:
```sh
cargo r -p echo_server
```

Then test the native library with:

```sh
cargo run -p example_app
```

And the web library with:
```sh
./example_app/start_server.sh &
./example_app/build_web.sh --open
```
